{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red63\green127\blue95;\red106\green62\blue62;
\red0\green0\blue192;\red42\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 import\cf0  java.util.*;\cf3 //this is important for reading from keyboard\cf0 \
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 class\cf0  TestApp \{\
\
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
	Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 sc\cf0 \ulnone  = \cf2 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf5 in\cf0 );\
	\cf3 //let the user give the size of the array\cf0 \
	System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "how many students do you have?"\cf0 );\
	\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 size\cf0  = \cf4 sc\cf0 .nextInt();\
	\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 marks\cf0 []=\cf2 new\cf0  \cf2 double\cf0 [\cf4 size\cf0 ]; \cf3 //create the array\cf0 \
	String []\cf4 names\cf0 =\cf2 new\cf0  String[\cf4 size\cf0 ];\
	\cf3 //read the items and fill the array\cf0 \
	readingStudents(\cf4 names\cf0 ,\cf4 marks\cf0 );\cf3 // calling the reading method\cf0 \
	\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 choice\cf0 ;\
	\cf2 do\cf0 \{ \cf3 //start of the loop\cf0 \
	\cf4 choice\cf0  = showMenu();\
	\cf2 switch\cf0 (\cf4 choice\cf0 )\{\
	\cf2 case\cf0  0:System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Exiting the systerm Good bye"\cf0 );\cf2 break\cf0 ;\
	\cf2 case\cf0  1:printStudents(\cf4 names\cf0 ,\cf4 marks\cf0 );\cf2 break\cf0 ;\
	\cf2 case\cf0  2:System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "The average of all marks:"\cf0 +marksAvg(\cf4 marks\cf0 ));\cf2 break\cf0 ;\
	\cf2 case\cf0  3:System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "The maximum mark:"\cf0 +maxMark(\cf4 marks\cf0 ));\
	       System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "The student who get the max mark:"\cf0 +\cf4 names\cf0 [maxIndex(\cf4 marks\cf0 )]);\
	       \cf2 break\cf0 ;\
	\cf2 case\cf0  4:System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Enter the name of wanted student"\cf0 );\
	       String \cf4 wantedStudent\cf0  = \cf4 sc\cf0 .next();\
	       \cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 index\cf0  = searchName(\cf4 names\cf0 ,\cf4 wantedStudent\cf0 );\
	       \cf2 if\cf0 (\cf4 index\cf0 ==-1)\
	    	      System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "the student doesn't exist"\cf0 );\
	       \cf2 else\cf0 \
	    	      System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "The student exist in index:"\cf0 +\cf4 index\cf0 );\
	       \cf2 break\cf0 ;\
    \cf2 default\cf0 : System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Wrong choice! try again"\cf0 );\
             \
	\
	\}\cf3 //end of switch\cf0 \
	\}\
	\cf2 while\cf0 (\cf4 choice\cf0 !=0); \cf3 //end of the loop\cf0 \
	\
	\}\cf3 //end of the main method\cf0 \
	\cf3 //reading method\cf0 \
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  readingStudents(String \cf4 names\cf0 [],\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 marks\cf0 [])\
	\{\
		Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 sc\cf0 \ulnone  = \cf2 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf5 in\cf0 );\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0 =0;\cf4 i\cf0 <\cf4 marks\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\cf4 i\cf0 ++)\{\
		    System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Enter the student name["\cf0 +\cf4 i\cf0 +\cf6 "]:"\cf0 );\
		    \cf4 names\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]=\cf4 sc\cf0 .next();\
		    System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Enter the student mark["\cf0 +\cf4 i\cf0 +\cf6 "]:"\cf0 );\
		    \cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]=\cf4 sc\cf0 .nextDouble();\
		\}\
	\}\
	\cf3 //printing arrays method\cf0 \
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  printStudents(String \cf4 names\cf0 [],\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 marks\cf0 [])\{\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0  = 0;\cf4 i\cf0 <\cf4 names\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\cf4 i\cf0 ++)\
			System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Name:"\cf0 +\cf4 names\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]+\cf6 "\\nMark:"\cf0 +\cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]);\
	\}\
	\cf3 //method to find the average of marks\cf0 \
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 double\cf0  marksAvg(\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 marks\cf0 [])\
	\{\
		\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 sum\cf0 =0;\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0 =0;\cf4 i\cf0 <\cf4 marks\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\cf4 i\cf0 ++)\
			\cf4 sum\cf0 +=\cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ];\
		\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 avg\cf0  = \cf4 sum\cf0 /\cf4 marks\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\
		\cf2 return\cf0  \cf4 avg\cf0 ;\
	\}\
	\
	\cf3 //method to find the maximum mark\cf0 \
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 double\cf0  maxMark(\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 marks\cf0 [])\
	\{\
		\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 max\cf0 =\cf4 marks\cf0 [0];\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0 =1;\cf4 i\cf0 <\cf4 marks\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\cf4 i\cf0 ++)\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (\cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]>\cf4 max\cf0 )\
				\cf4 max\cf0 =\cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ];\
		\cf2 return\cf0  \cf4 max\cf0 ;\
	\}\
	\
	\cf3 //method to find the index of the maximum mark\cf0 \
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  maxIndex(\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 marks\cf0 [])\
	\{\
		\cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 max\cf0 =\cf4 marks\cf0 [0];\
		\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 maxI\cf0 =0;\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0 =1;\cf4 i\cf0 <\cf4 marks\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\cf4 i\cf0 ++)\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (\cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]>\cf4 max\cf0 )\{\
				\cf4 max\cf0 =\cf4 marks\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ];\
				\cf4 maxI\cf0 =\cf4 i\cf0 ;\}\
		\cf2 return\cf0  \cf4 maxI\cf0 ;\
	\}\
	\cf3 //method that gets student name, search if exists return its index, otherwise return -1\cf0 \
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  searchName(String \cf4 names\cf0 [],String \cf4 searchedName\cf0 )\
	\{\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0 =0;\cf4 i\cf0 <\cf4 names\cf0 .\cf5 length\cf0 ;\cf4 i\cf0 ++)\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (\cf4 searchedName\cf0 .equalsIgnoreCase(\cf4 names\cf0 [\cf4 i\cf0 ]))\
				\cf2 return\cf0  \cf4 i\cf0 ;\
		\cf2 return\cf0  -1;\cf3 //this statement outside the loop\cf0 \
	\}\
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  showMenu()\
	\{\
		Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 sc\cf0 \ulnone =\cf2 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf5 in\cf0 );\
		System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "1:print all names and marks\\n2:print the marks average"\cf0 );\
		System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "3:Maximmum mark and student who gets it\\n4:Search a student"\cf0 );\
		System.\cf5 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Or press zero to stop"\cf0 );\
		\cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 choice\cf0  = \cf4 sc\cf0 .nextInt();\
		\cf2 return\cf0  \cf4 choice\cf0 ;\
		\
	\}\
	\
\
\}\
}