{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;\red0\green0\blue192;
\red42\green0\blue255;\red63\green127\blue95;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;
\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf0 We have number of products we need to let the user enter the name and price of each product. Let the user keep entering until the user the word \'93null\'94 as a name of the product to stop entering.\
\
Create 2 arrays and fill them of products names and prices.\
\
After entering all names and prices, then find:\
1. The average of all prices.\
2. how many products their prices more than 100.\
3. let the user enter a number, and print out the name of any product its    \
    price is less than this number.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs48 \cf2 import\cf0  java.util.*;\
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 class\cf0  ProductsProject \{\
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  main(String[] \cf3 args\cf0 )\{\
		String \cf3 productNames\cf0 [] = \cf2 new\cf0  String[100];\
		\cf2 double\cf0  \cf3 productPrices\cf0 []= \cf2 new\cf0  \cf2 double\cf0 [100];\
		Scanner \cf3 \ul \ulc3 sc\cf0 \ulnone = \cf2 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf4 in\cf0 );\
		\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 i\cf0 =-1;\
		\cf2 while\cf0 (\cf2 true\cf0 )\{\
			System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Enter the product name:"\cf0 );\
			String \cf3 name\cf0  = \cf3 sc\cf0 .next();\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (\cf3 name\cf0 .equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "null"\cf0 ))\
				\cf2 break\cf0 ;\
			\cf2 else\cf0  \{\
				\cf3 i\cf0 ++;\
				\cf3 productNames\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]=\cf3 name\cf0 ;\
				System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Enter the product price:"\cf0 );\
				\cf3 productPrices\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]=\cf3 sc\cf0 .nextDouble();\
				\
			\}\
			\
			\
			\
		\}\
		\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 size\cf0 =\cf3 i\cf0 +1; \cf6 //the number of products;\cf0 \
		\cf6 //how many products their prices more than 100\cf0 \
		\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 pr\cf0 = noOfProducts(\cf3 productPrices\cf0 ,\cf3 size\cf0 );\
	    System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf5 "We have "\cf0 +\cf3 pr\cf0 +\cf5 " with price more than 100"\cf0 );\
	    \
	    System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Enter a number to print products with less price"\cf0 );\
	    \cf2 double\cf0  \cf3 number\cf0  = \cf3 sc\cf0 .nextDouble();\
	    printProducts(\cf3 productNames\cf0 ,\cf3 productPrices\cf0 ,\cf3 size\cf0 ,\cf3 number\cf0 );\
	\}\
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  noOfProducts(\cf2 double\cf0  \cf3 productPrices\cf0 [],\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 size\cf0 )\
	\{\
		\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 n\cf0 =0;\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 i\cf0 =0;\cf3 i\cf0 <\cf3 size\cf0 ;\cf3 i\cf0 ++)\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (\cf3 productPrices\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]>100)\
				\cf3 n\cf0 ++;\
		\cf2 return\cf0  \cf3 n\cf0 ;\
	\}\
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  printProducts(String \cf3 productNames\cf0 [],\cf2 double\cf0  \cf3 productPrices\cf0 [],\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 size\cf0 , \cf2 double\cf0  \cf3 number\cf0 )\
	\{\
		\cf2 for\cf0 (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 i\cf0 =0;\cf3 i\cf0 <\cf3 size\cf0 ;\cf3 i\cf0 ++)\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (\cf3 productPrices\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]<\cf3 number\cf0 )\
				System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf3 productNames\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]);\
	\}\
\}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf0 \
\
you can use there loop as following\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs48 \cf0 String \cf3 name\cf0 ;\
		\cf2 do\cf0 \{\
			System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Enter the product name:"\cf0 );\
			\cf3 name\cf0  = \cf3 sc\cf0 .next();\
			\cf2 if\cf0 (!\cf3 name\cf0 .equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "null"\cf0 ))\{\
				\cf3 i\cf0 ++;\
				\cf3 productNames\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]=\cf3 name\cf0 ;\
				System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Enter the product price:"\cf0 );\
				\cf3 productPrices\cf0 [\cf3 i\cf0 ]=\cf3 sc\cf0 .nextDouble();\
				\
			\}\
					\
		\}\cf2 while\cf0 (!\cf3 name\cf0 .equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "null"\cf0 ));
\f0\fs72 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}